OSDOCS-4038: Multi-arch on Azure GA docs updates (#56306)
openshift/openshift-docs: post_installation_configuration/multi-architecture-configuration.adoc

toc::[]

> An {product-title} cluster with multi-architecture compute machines is a cluster that supports compute machines with different architectures. Clusters with multi-architecture compute machines are only available on AWS or Azure installer-provisioned infrastructures and Bare Metal user-provisioned infrastructures with x86_64 control plane machines. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An {product-title} cluster with multi-architecture compute machines is a cluster that supports compute machines with different architectures. Clusters with multi-architecture compute machines are available only on AWS or Azure installer-provisioned infrastructures and bare metal user-provisioned infrastructures with x86_64 control plane machines. 
```

Reviewer: Place "only" immediately before the word or phrase it modifies. Source: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-adverbs-only

Reviewer 2: You are missing backticks on the `x86_64` in the last sentence.

== Creating a cluster with multi-architecture compute machine on Azure 

> To deploy a Azure cluster with multi-architecture compute machines, you must first create a single-architecture Azure installer-provisioned cluster with the multi-architecture installer binary. For more information on Azure installations, refer to xref:../installing/installing_azure/installing-azure-customizations.adoc[Installing a cluster on Azure with customizations]. You can then add a ARM64 compute machine set to your cluster to create a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy an Azure cluster with multi-architecture compute machines, you must first create a single-architecture Azure installer-provisioned cluster by using the multi-architecture installer binary. For more information on Azure installations, see xref:../installing/installing_azure/installing-azure-customizations.adoc[Installing a cluster on Azure with customizations]. You can then add an ARM64 compute machine set to your cluster to create a cluster with multi-architecture compute machines. 
```

Reviewer: The SSG advises using "see" instead of "refer to".

Reviewer 2: Did the formatting change for `arm64` it looks like it is ARM64 here. Is that correct or should it stay `arm64`? Based on everywhere else here, it looks like it needs to be `arm64`

Author: I'm currently doing an update on all the docs for changing the architecture format based on the new guidelines. I'll update that in the 4.13 PR for the term updates.

> The following procedures explain how to generate an `arm64` boot image and create an Azure compute machine set with the `arm64` boot image. This adds `arm64` compute nodes to your cluster and deploys the desired amount of `arm64` virtual machines (VM). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following procedures explain how to generate an `arm64` boot image and create an Azure compute machine set with the `arm64` boot image. This adds `arm64` compute nodes to your cluster and deploys the amount of `arm64` virtual machines (VM) that you need. 
```
In the first sentence, consider replacing "...with the `arm64` boot image" to either "...by using the `arm64` boot image" or "...that uses the `arm64` boot image", depending on the intended meaning.

Reviewer: Both SSG and ISG suggest using another term besides "desired" in technical documentation.

Author: Yeah I like that better as well. Thank you!
